
                             LaTeX::Driver

                             Version 0.02

                           21 September 2007

        Copyright (C) 2007 Andrew Ford.        All Rights Reserved

          This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
             modify it under the same terms as Perl itself.



NOTE THIS IS BETA SOFTWARE - ITS INTERFACE IS LIABLE TO CHANGE.

I welcome any and all feedback - Andrew <a.ford@ford-mason.co.uk>




DESCRIPTION
-----------

The LaTeX::Driver module takes care of running and re-running latex on
a LaTeX document so that forward references, tables of contents, and
lists of figures and tables are resolved.  It will also run bibtex and
makeindex if it detects that a bibliography or in index have been
specified, and will re-run latex again one or more times until the
formatting of the document has stabilized.

The code was in part derived from the Template Toolkit Latex plugin
and patches I had written for Template Toolkit before the Latex plugin
was forked off from the main TT distribution.  It was also inspired by
the latexn C Shell script and the latexmk script by John Collins, both
of which are on CTAN (the Comprehensive TeX Archive Network).


QUICK START
-----------

TO BE WRITTEN

For further details on installation, see the separate INSTALL file.


WHAT'S NEW?
-----------

Version 0.01 is a new module.  It was factored out of Template-Latex,
which itself was created by moving the code out of the core Template
Toolkit distribution (version 2.15).

See the Changes file for further details of the changes in these
releases.


GENERAL FEATURES
----------------

Some of the key features of the Latex::Driver module are listed below.
See the documentation for further detail.


DOCUMENTATION
-------------

EXPAND


The 'Changes' file in the distribution directory documents all visible
changes between versions of the Template Toolkit.  See the section 
'VERSION COMPATABILITY' below for further details.

The 'TODO' file, also in the distribution directory, lists known bugs,
planned enhancements and possible new features for future versions.

The rest of the documentation is distributed in Pod and HTML formats.
The Pod pages are installed when you 'make install' and can be viewed
using 'perldoc', e.g.


SUPPORT
-------

The Template Toolkit mailing list provides a forum for discussing
issues relating to the use and abuse of the Template Toolkit.  There
are a number of knowledgeable and helpful individuals who frequent the
list (including the author) who can often offer help or suggestions.
Please respect their time and patience by checking the documentation
and/or mailing list archives before asking questions that may already
have been answered.   

To subscribe to the mailing list, send an email to:

    templates-request@template-toolkit.org

with the message 'subscribe' in the body.  You can also use the web 
interface to subscribe or browse the archives:

    http://www.template-toolkit.org/mailman/listinfo/templates

A low-volume, moderated mailing list exists for announcements about new
releases of the Template Toolkit and related products.  To subscribe, send
an email to:

    templates-announce-request@template-toolkit.org

with the message 'subscribe' in the body.  A web interface also exists
for subscription and browsing the archives:

    http://www.template-toolkit.org/mailman/listinfo/templates-announce

For information about commercial support and consultancy for the Template 
Toolkit, please contact the author.


AUTHOR
------

This module was written by Andrew Ford <a.ford@ford-mason.co.uk>.

It borrows from the Template Toolkit distribution by Andy Wardley
<abw@wardley.org> with the assistance and contributions from many
other people. In 2006 the Latex plugin was separated out into its own
distribution and Andrew Ford <a.ford@ford-mason.co.uk> took over as
maintainer.  He created this module as part of the refactoring of
Template-Latex.



COPYRIGHT
---------

Copyright (C) 2007 Andrew Ford.   All Rights Reserved.
Portions Copyright (C) 1996-2007 Andy Wardley.  All Rights Reserved.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.

